There will be a new woman so soon
That's just right.
Lest he be so stupid all the time
Miss Xu, if Zhou Yanjing knew that I had become your soldier
What happens?
Don't mention him. I lost my job because of him
I'm not having a good time
I don't know when I'll be able to guard him
Just tell him you don't love them
That won't work.
What if he goes back to the Zhou family?
If you will marry me
He wouldn't dare do anything to you
Xu Shiyang, I sacrificed so much for you
Are you worthy of me?
Sacrifice your sacrifice is to deliver takeout to earn rent
And you know what?
Here all night?
That's more than you make in three months' rent.
This is your sacrifice.
It turns out that your heart can buy a house with money
And I have always taken your hypocrisy as my sincerity, which makes me spoil you, but I am blind
Wait until you go back to the next century, women can have as much as they want